remember Jared from Subway everybody
used to want to be like him well not
anymore that's because federal
authorities raided the home of the
subway spokesman this morning federal
and state investigators were serving
warrants at Fogle's zionsville Indiana
home in connection with a child
pornography investigation the raid
followed the April arrest of the
executive director of Jarrod's nonprofit
organization the Jared foundation on
charges related to child pornography
those charges are seven counts of
production of child pornography and one
count of possession and that is the
executive director Russell Taylor so we
have these aerial footage that was taken
from a helicopter that shows a lot of
police cars lab cops outside of his
house we saw agents taking out
electronics including a computer from
the home they were taking all the
evidence into one big truck at one point
we even saw jared leaving his house and
entering inside of that truck at this
point we're gonna have to see what
happens i mean could Jared potentially
be found you know of some valuable yes
could some suspicious activity be found
because he's connected to his executive
director and it doesn't necessarily mean
that no no he hasn't been accused of
anything but he's definitely on their
investigation at this point is very
clear subway has to severe all the ties
that he actually took down this section
of their website that I referred to his
story is not working on favor of Jared
the fact that there's some rumor and
some information arising because of this
rail that he actually was known back in
the day this is pre subway time that he
wasn't coming in college he was actually
running a legit pornographic business
from his college nothing to do with
child pornography just just he was
telling and doing like a resale
operation from his dorm for four DVDs
and that type of stuff so a lot of
people is like oh well there's a
background there it's something that
Mike he does it doesn't accuse him of
anything then in connection with it or
definitely certainly doesn't help to his
character no totally and while it was a
small porn operation ring that they
think he was running from his dorm room
this on the other hand his executive
director Russell Taylor he was
exchanging texts with a woman he asked
her if she wanted to see some
pornographic images of children she said
no way called the police almost
instantly they ended up
finding 400 videos of child porn I'm at
least four of the actresses in those
movies were actually minors so and
that's what we found so far so this is
serious stuff the question now is
whether or not we can link Jared to this
and whether he actually knew about this
kind of stuff I mean as far as Jared
could have known this guy was just any
old you know executive director normal
guy yeah doesn't necessarily mean that
they were both you know involved in this
kind of thing I mean there is due
process that is going to be run on the
situation and the law will look into it
but the reality is that if you have your
name in a headline with child
pornography most likely your careers
over like it's happening right now it's
also very scary that the foundation the
earth foundation what the mission of it
was to protect children from obesity and
the fact that the executive director of
this nonprofit eats accused and found in
possession of child pornography is
really really scary that there's no
regulation that there's no way to know
if those who use the non-profit shield
to get closer to kids actually are they
don't have any background that prevent
them from doing so right we see that all
too often that people with these
problems are actually working close jobs
yet involves working with children
extremely sad you mentioned them you
know probably not keeping Jarrod on the
subway team that's true they've kicked
him off the website so far they stopped
following his journey on the scrub them
from the website so far so we'll see i'm
sure they'll scrub them all together i
can't imagine him staying there as a
spokesperson nobody wants that on their
companies Rep anyways we want to know
what you guys have to say about all this
so please comment below about Jared and
his affiliation with his executive
director Russell Taylor and his links to
child pornography so comment below and
if you haven't already subscribed to the
lib TV for more